**DevOps CI/CD Explained:**

DevOps is a collection of methods for incrementally building, testing,
and releasing code.

Continuous integration is a DevOps core strategy in which developers
contribute their code to a common repository on a daily basis. When a
repository matures in small increments like this, each commit starts an
automatic sequence on a CI server that may warn developers of any
difficulties integrating their changes. It inhibits the phenomenon known
as merging.

CI service for Github is known as action.

There are two key advantages of CI/CD. It assists in automating tasks
that previously had to be completed manually by developers, increasing
your pace while also detecting minor issues before they become huge
disasters, resulting in greater code quality.

**GitHub Pull Request Explained:**

Pull request allows you to contribute to other developers\'
repositories. To begin, one must fork; forking allows one to make a
clone of another user\'s repository. Clone refers to the process of
downloading a remote repository to your local workstation. Git Push is a
command used to push local changes to a remote repository. Before
submitting a pull request, one must ensure to read the user\'s
contribution guidelines.

**CSS Variables Explained:**

CSS variables aka Custom Properties, these variables are used to hold
values and have a defined range of application. The name of a variable
is specified by two dashes (--) at the start, followed by the name,
which is case-sensitive. Variables have the advantage of allowing the
same values to be reused and modified from a single location. In
addition, the variable names are easier to grasp and use than the color
values, since it eliminates the need to copy and paste the color values
again and again.

**THIS in JavaScript:**

Before understanding THIS, one must understand functions in JavaScript.
In JavaScript, functions are basically objects. They may be assigned to
variables, given to other functions, and returned from functions, much
like objects. They have their own qualities, much as things. This is one
of these qualities.

The current execution context of the JavaScript application is stored in
this variable.

As a result, the value of this variable changes based on how the
function is declared, how it is invoked, and the default execution
environment when used inside a function.

Note that 'this' always refers to a single object that determines the
execution context for the current line of code.

**Vue.js Explained:**

Vue is a framework for creating progressive user interfaces. Vue is
built from the ground to be progressively adoptable. The core library
focuses solely on the view layer, and it\'s simple to use and combine
with other libraries or applications. Vue, on the other hand, when
combined with contemporary technology and accompanying libraries, is
fully capable of powering powerful Single-Page Applications.
